# Bough Keeper: Dainsleif
>***Quest Description: Katheryne of the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild seems to have something to tell you.***

Quest starts in Mondstadt when communicating to Katheryne about their adventures and companions. She tells Traveler of an unknown tall blond stranger in unusual clothes with an eyepatch that has arrived. The topic of eyepatch brings up Kaeya and Khaenri’ah but nothing more is said about that. Katheryne tells Traveler to find him and see if he'll join them so she sends the two to Lawrence who stands by the gate.

***Ask Lawrence about the stranger.***
Lawrence remembers seeing the blond stranger walk all around Mondstadt. Upon finding the stranger suspicious Lawrence decided to follow him but lost him quickly, Amber was asked to check from the air but nothing came of it. Jean is brought up along with the fait Lawrence has in her, Paimon mentions how she handles the importance of matters. Upon further discussion he mentions how the stranger approached Wagner and how he might have more information.

***Ask Wagner about the stranger.***
When asking Wagner they find out that the stranger showed up a few days prior to ask about some materials. Those unknown materials have not been heard of before by Wagner. Apparently after he looked at some of the weapons he then left for Angels Share and Paimon brings up Diluc, to which they leave then.

***Ask Charles about the stranger.***
Charles asks between grape juice and apple cider while Traveler comments on the lack of alcoholic options. Paimon after giving her greetings to the bartender asks about the blond stranger with the eyepatch. They are told he comes every night for a drink and occasionally mixes his own. Both Charles and Diluc seem to think he's “quite the connoisseur”. Charles then tells them that the stranger ordered a new bottle of wine the day before and should therefore be here later in the day. So per his advice the Traveler and Paimon head up to the second floor to wait for him to arrive.

***Go to the second floor of the tavern and wait on the seat by the railing.***
Once he arrives he silently picks up his wine he goes and takes a seat by himself, sparing no words to Charles. Paimon promptly suggest to head downstairs and have a look.

***Go to the first floor of the tavern and find the stranger.***
After they both arrive they try to converse with him however he doesn't respond when traveler introduces themselves as adventures, instead he responds when they introduce themselves as a traveler. The stranger inquiries of the purpose for their travel and the response they give is “I'm looking for my lost relative”. Upon hearing that the stranger turns his head to fully acknowledge the traveler and tells them to sit down, an invitation to continue the discussion. After sitting down the stranger takes note of Paimon where the traveler can either call her a friend or emergency food, regardless he comments on the positivity of traveling with someone. It's at this point that the stranger gives his name, Dainsleif, before asking what business Traveler has with him. Upon inviting him to adventure with them he agrees to which Paimon gets a bad feeling about it. He then requires advance payment in 500 mora as a one-time fee and 3 answered questions. Upon confirming that it's all he requires Paimon voices her bad feeling that such a compensation can't be right. After giving the mora he asks the questions and tells Traveler that there is no right or wrong and their answer are not important, their attitude to the questions is what's important to him. Upon confirming and agreeing he asks the first question.

Regarding the crisis in Mondstadt that was resolved by a alliance between the Traveler and the anemo archon. Who in Travelers view was the key to solving it?

When asking how he knows about Venti he responds that he “knows everything he should” and leaves it at that. Travelers' response is between them, Venti and the unity of the people in the nation. He doesn't comment on the answer but appears to think about it before asking the second question.

Regarding Rex Lapis who has reigned over Liyue for millennia on end and used his gnosis to End All Contracts, though the reasons and stipulations behind it are unknown. Who do we think will defend Liyue in the upcoming future now that the deity they've followed is gone.

Travelers options for the response are between the adepti, the Liyue Qixing or everyone in Liyue Harbor. After giving their answer he confirms their choice before moving to the final question.

In this world there are those who gain visions and those who do not. Which among them hold more importance in the eyes of the gods?

For this Travelers choices are those with visions, without visions and perhaps neither of them. After hearing it he confirms and tells them he understands, depending on which choices Traveler makes his final response differs. Either he tells Traveler they are either similar or different from her/him depending on who you choose as your Traveler. He doesn't respond when asked about it and instead confirms the payment and Travelers views of this world before telling them that they can now commission him. After that he clarifies that he only accepts commissions related to the abyss order, saying he too is on a journey. He does mention the fact that Traveler is on a journey to find their sibling but doesn't elaborate on how he knew that considering traveler only said relative, traveler also doesn't comment on it. Instead the topic is focused on the abyss order, specifically the mages that spread chaos on behalf of the Order. Dainsleif then tells them that the reason why he's here is because he is following a being called an “Abyss Herald”. He tells them that it's a being even more twisted and higher in power and command then a mage. Upon hearing that traveler remembers that ever since the incident with Dvalin we have not seen the abyss order, instead they've just been dealing with the Fatui. Dainsleif easily tells them that there's a reason for it and possibly someone ordered them to redirect their path. Paimon comments on the prospect of being ambushed but travelers' response reassures her, that response also reminds Dainsleif of someone. After that he brings up a lead he has which says the Abyss Order has re-infiltrated the Temple of the Falcon, suggesting they meet up there.

***Go to the Temple of the Falcon***
Once there Dainsleif comments on how the abandoned temple bears some marks of the Abyss, indicating that the Abyss has been there. Also how the Falcon, despite having the ability to soar in the wind, has chosen to hover under the gods. When asked about it Dainsleif simply brushes it off and they head inside.

***Continue exploring***
Once inside he comments on the scent of the Abyss being stronger, confirming that they are close. Paimon wonders aloud on the Abyss Heralds appearance and if they share similarities to the Mages. Dainsleif doesn't answer, instead suggesting we head further in saying they might see one. However after some fighting Dainsleif says that it appears the Herald could have already left. When the Traveler asks about the Order Dainsleif shows a harsh reaction, clearly not happy with it's existence. He tells us that it is chaotic and destructive with an inconceivable madness that reaches for the worlds foundation. According to Dainsleif that is why the Dragon of the East, Dvalin, was unable to resist it and got corrupted. The creatures from the Abyss seem to want nothing more than to overthrow the nations ruled by Gods. When Paimon comments on how he knows a lot he lets out a chuckle saying that they have some history but doesn't elaborate anymore on it. Dainsleif then mentions that the next stop should be Wolvendom, concluding by the traces he's followed he assumes the wolfs territory is a target. He mentions the possibility of an Abyss Herald maybe being there and with that they leave. 

***Go to Wolvendom and talk to Dainsleif***
When arriving at the edge of the side looking down at the arena Dainsleif describes it out loud, to which the Traveler asks if he's familiar with it. He doesn't and nor does it know him, the information he has is because his previous travel companion wanted to hear of it. When Dainsleif suggest going to see if the Herald has been here Paimon points out the strange bonfire that has been right next to him. He tells them that the things floating above is an Abyssal spell, he says that from his experience they've likely left more such marks around the area. While searching Traveler and Paimon find some signs each and Dainsleif confirms they were left by Mages considering the lack of Abyssal power in them. This results in Dainsleif coming to the conclusion that even the Heralds don't seem to want to cause trouble with the Wolf King of the North. After suggesting to depart he praises the Wolfs territorial nature, to which Paimon comments on their lack of leads. Dainsleif then says that there is one more place and tells them to head to Stormterror’s Lair.

*Gonna continue this in a moment!*
